Update labeling across the documentation (#402)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

### Why do I have to label my address?

Bitcoin addresses look like cyphertext, they are not easily remembered and it's not clear how they were used previously.

> Thus when you do not label all your addresses, then there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of their coins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you do not label all your addresses, there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of their coins.
```

> Thus when you do not label all your transactions (sending & receiving), then there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of that coin.

Reviewer 2: We really don't label transactions and we should extermiate that concept from our documentation. What we really do is to label the coin that we will get as the result of sending (only if there is change - that's why we don't need a label when we spend the whole coins) or receiving.

Reviewer: >  What we really do is to label the coin that we will get

Shouldn't we say: We label addresses?

> Thus when you do not label all your transactions (sending & receiving), then there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of that coin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus when you do not label all your coins, then there is no meta-data for you to understand their context.
```

> Receiving addresses and sending transactions that generate a change coin should be carefully labeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus receiving addresses and sending transactions that generate a change coin should be carefully labeled.
```

> Receiving addresses and sending transactions that generate a change should be carefully labeled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receiving addresses and sending transactions that generate a change coin should be carefully labeled.
```

This helps you know where your coins came from so that you can judge whether there are privacy concerns when sending a specific coin to a specific receiver.

![](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png)

> When labeling a newly generated address you should ask yourself: "Who knows this address is mine?" or "Who will I share this address with?" or "To whom I am sending bitcoin?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When labeling a newly generated address or a sending transaction that generates a change coin you should ask yourself: "Who knows this address is mine?" or "Who will I share this address with?" or "From whom I am receiving bitcoin?" or "To whom I am sending bitcoin?"
```

Labels should contain the comma-separated names of people/entities that may be aware of the transaction and could follow its trail like:

`Name of the sender or the receiver, name of the exchange, name of the payment processor`

So, a good label could be:

`Alice, Bitfinex, BTCPay Server`

or:

> `Alice & Bob` (in this case, `Alice & Bob` is the name of a company. Remember that is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities separated by a comma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Alice & Bob` (in this case, `Alice & Bob` is the name of a company.
Remember that is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities separated by a comma).
```

> `Alice & Bob` (in this case, `Alice & Bob` is the name of a company. Remember that is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities separated by a comma).

Reviewer: @lontivero Is this accurate?

### Why do I have to label my address?

Bitcoin addresses look like cyphertext, they are not easily remembered and it's not clear how they were used previously.

> Thus when you do not label all your coins, then there is no meta-data for you to understand their context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thus when you do not label all your addresses, then there is no meta-data for you to understand the context of their coins.
```

Receiving addresses and sending transactions that generate a change coin should be carefully labeled.
This helps you know where your coins came from so that you can judge whether there are privacy concerns when sending a specific coin to a specific receiver.

![](/ReceiveLabelingRequired.png)

When labeling a newly generated address you should ask yourself: "Who knows this address is mine?" or "Who will I share this address with?" or "To whom I am sending bitcoin?"
Labels should contain the comma-separated names of people/entities that may be aware of the transaction and could follow its trail like:

`Name of the sender or the receiver, name of the exchange, name of the payment processor`

So, a good label could be:

`Alice, Bitfinex, BTCPay Server`

or:

> `Alice & Bob` (in this case, `Alice & Bob` is the name of a company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Alice & Bob` (This is one entity which is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities and thus separated by a comma)
```

> Remember that is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities separated by a comma).

Reviewer: Should be:
```
`Alice & Bob` (This is one entity which is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities and thus separated by a comma)
```

> Remember that is not the same as `Alice, Bob` as they are multiple entities separated by a comma).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
